Strongly connected components.

Once you find them, you can collapse them into a single node, add edges to the nodes and we will have a different graph a Strongly Connected Component graph.

A SCC Graph will have as many nodes as cycles.

Book calls it Connected Component Graph (Elena calls it SCC)

Interesting : Use DAG's that are noncyclical.


Steps : 

First Step : How do we find SCC and build.
1st) Run DFS on original graph (sort decreasing order by finishing time.)
2nd) Compute the transpose of the graph : reverse the directions of the nodes. Adj and transpose are vector opposites/transverses.
3rd) Run DFS on transpose of the graph. (Consider sorted vertices in that order in main loop) : 
  Use the topsort order in the for loop.
  : for(int i = 0; i < size; i++){
      if(colors[topSort[i]] == 'W'){
        dfsVisit(i, t, id);
        id++;
      }//if
    }//for
    
    Whatever nodes you can reach in DFS will belong to the same strongly connected component.
    
    How do we store the knowledge of what are strongly connected nodes.
    
    (on board for whatever reason)
    *Run DFS on the transpose of G, and process the nodes in the order stored in TopOrder in the _main_ loop of DFS;*
    *all nodes reached by a single dfsVisit belong to the same SCC;*
    
    
    For transpose DFS We'd need to change all Adj's in DFS to Transpose
    
    void Ugraph::dfstr(){
      for(int i = 0; i < size; i++){
        parents[i] = i;
        colors[i] = 'W';
      }
      int t = 0;
      int id = 0;
      for(int i = 0; i < size; i++){
        if(colors[topOrder[i]] == 'W'){
          dfsVisit(topOrder[i], t, id);
        }
      }
    }
    void Ugraph::dfsVisittr(int u, int &t, int &id){
      colors[u] = 'G';
      stamps[u].d = t;
      t++;
      SCCID[u] = id;
      for(int i = 0; i < (int)transpose[u].size(); i++){
        int v = transpose[u][i].neighbor;
        if(colors[v] == 'W'){
          parents[v] = u;
          dfsVisit(v, t, id);
        }
      }
      colors[u] = 'B';
      stamps[i].f = t;
      t++;
